Now I see it. It turns out
Senpai and I have good chemistry.
It's terrifyingly good!
Why don't you date?
Ah?
Mom, Hana-chan is drowning.
Eh?! Hana! Pull yourself together!
(Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out W!)
(Episode 4
Uzaki-chan Wants to Be One-up!)
That's what happened.
Anyway, it seems Senpai has a thing for me.
Oh, I can be called an enchantress now.
Charming, you know?
- Eh?
Ah, hmm... There's such a happening
after the campus festival?
Right!
Actually I've been suspecting him for a long time.
And after seeing his reaction, I can confirm it!
Undoubtedly!
Umm... you just noticed it now?
That's what she figured out...?
No wonder she's giggling all the time today.
With a big smile on her face.
Hey, Uzaki, have you looked in the mirror lately?
Huh? When I wash my face and brush my teeth,
of course I'd look in it.
Seems she can't get the irony in this state...
No, even so...
Uzaki's theory aside,
this situation is indeed unexpected.
But...
Oh... Impressive that
the two dummies finally got to realize...
- But...
- Just a little... just a little more...
It's very close now, but...
- I don't think they'll ever reach the goal.
What do we do about this?
I guess it depends on themselves.
Not much can be done by people around them.
Lately, I began to think that
let them be at their own pace...
But... might be because the goal is somehow
within the reach, your daughter doesn't look good...
I guess being kept in suspense
is like torture to her.
So this time...
There's nothing we can do...
By the way, Master, where's Saku today?
Huh? Sakurai-kun is off today.
You mean Senpai? He bought a new game.
So he hurried home.
But there were already
so many games for him to finish.
He's beyond saving now, don't you think?
Oh...
She knows him so well...
Won't you play it together with him?
I guess he wants to have fun alone at first.
I'd feel sorry if I interrupted his fun time.
She's being quite considerate about him...
Normally, she would dash into his house
no matter what...
Eh?
You know, Senpai likes me...
She's so sure of it.
So... if I go to Senpai's house alone...
It's kinda... kinda "that", you know.
- Ha?
- Ah!?
No, no, no. She's not being considerate...
Uzaki is simply being intimidated!
Geez, what a tricky girl...
Well, I think it's too late
for you to say that, no?
Eh.
You've been to Saku's house many times, right?
Moreover, you've stayed over
at his place many times, right?
Em...
And Uzaki, didn't you say that
"Senpai is the safest in the world" once?
Yeah, that's right...
But the divination told me so much...
Senpai might also have changed
his feelings about me.
Don't be silly...
Ami is pissed!
I'm not quite sure that...
the stubborn dummy would so easily change it...
No, no. You don't understand.
Anyway, he's a potent adult male after all...
Uzaki, what were you insinuating by that...?
What do you think would happen
if you run wild here?
I'm sorry. It's been always like this thus far...
So I suddenly felt triggered...
Eh...
I see what's happening now.
They are fine together to begin with
but as time passes,
they got more and more awkward.
I thought if it is Uzaki, she'd accept it and
be even more proactive.
I didn't expect her to be so passive
when it comes to this stage...
Or should I say... that Saku and Uzaki...
I can only imagine them lingering
in front of the goal all their life.
Oh, no... Once I've realized it,
I can't stand just observing them now.
I can't wait to see how they end up!
But...
- They'll never make it as they are now.
Your imagination of them is too rude...
(Senpai)
What's up, Senpai?
I was soloing this game, but it's becoming a drag...
Since Uzaki also bought this,
let's play together.
Huh? I'm pretty busy too.
I see. Well, I'll see you another day...
No problem.  Since you've said so, I can help you.
I can't just leave you alone.
Well, I also wanted to refuse.
Senpai said no matter what he wants me there.
Alright, I gonna go now.
- So you will go to his place if you're called!
How do you perceive this?
How? It just got me more and more irritated.
Tell me about it...
I'm thinking about a new strategy.
It's time to stir up some "activeness"
in their relationship.
We must do it.
Now, these two are going to team up too.
I wonder if it's appropriate...
And especially,
Uzaki overlooked something important...
We must let her realize that...
In that case... Why don't we just lock them up
in a closed room for a few days?
An uninhabited island...
No, it's almost winter, how about a snowy mountain...
We have to try to lock them
in an extreme situation...
No, I suppose a more normal situation is enough...
(A few days later...
Cafe Asia)
Welcome... Huh?
Hello, everyone.
Sakaki-san, you've been visiting here a lot lately.
Senpai is off today.
It seems so.
I knew that.
Because that's how we planned it.
Well...
To let two of them be in the shop
at different times,
they staggered their shifts
so they are now working alone.
This is the so-called Anti-Uzaki Network.
Yeah. That's what I said too.
(Closed)
Then, Senpai he...
She keeps talking until closing time...
Just she seems jubilant as last time...
It's been about a week since the campus festival,
but she's just reveling in her victory and
no progress is made...?
The goal is just around the corner,
but looks to me like she's just waiting.
No, no. I have to calm down.
Today is the day of executing the plan
about making Hana-chan active...
- Hahaha.
- But, how can I do that
as she's in such an elated state?
Well, Uzaki. Nothing wrong about
being proud of your victory but...
Is it really good to let up right now?
- Eh!
Let up?
I've been thinking about this...
Uzaki, you are the only one
who says that "Saku likes you", right?
He... He's going to...!
Oops, he spoke it out.
Umm... I guess... indeed he didn't... say that...
Have you confirmed Saku's feelings?
I think it's necessary to confirm it.
Confirm it...
I'm telling you this since I reckon you don't know.
Saku is quite popular among his peers.
What!?
There're many patrons of our shop are
Sakurai-kun's fans.
He's a good boy.
Hana-chan, you know that, right?
Huh!?
Sakurai-kun? The first impression is very scary,
and I feel it's very difficult to get close to him.
But when knowing him more,
he's actually serious and gentle.
Right?
In our seminar,
there're girls who kinda like Sakurai-kun.
Oh, it slipped out of my mouth.
He also works hard. He's really a good boy.
If I were a little younger, I might pursue him.
What, suddenly... there's sweat on my back...
Well, because Uzaki you're always wandering
around him, people don't think he's single.
That is to say! When you get used to it,
Saku is a normal and good boy!
He's a conditional handsome guy!
A conditional handsome guy!?
- Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
The father and daughter
found the all-year-most plausible thing.
That's why I said you shouldn't let up now, Uzaki.
Do you know the saying
"while the dogs growl, the wolves devour the sheep"?
I think it's better to let him be "yours"
as soon as possible.
Um.
Ami-san is also looking at Saku
with quite lewd eyes.
Um, um... What!?
Eh!
Eh! Is it true, Ami-san?
No, I'm not!
Oh, aren't you peeking at him quite often?
Please don't lie about that.
Even I, who don't come here very often,
noticed that.
Shut up!
Saku has quite an athletic body, right?
- So you are looking at him all the time!
- I am not! I'll take that personally!
Yes, you are.
Dad!?
Though you restrain yourself before guests,
you are.
Dad! But not with lewd eyes!
Sakaki-san, packs please.
See? Lewd eyes.
I saw this look in your eyes before.
No, it's wrong! I can't help it, Hana-chan!
My eyes are drawn to him against my will!
She implicitly admitted it...
Anyway, I don't like Sakurai-kun!
Ah, it's not like I hate him either... Well...
Yes, I find him nice but...
but... how should I put this...
it's not like I'm admiring him...
Well, well... Right! I only looked at his body!
That's wrong!
Do you get it now? Uzaki.
There may be other "sexual beasts"
like her around Saku.
(Sexual beast)
There may be other "sexual beasts"
like her around Saku.
(Sexual beast)
Don't call me a sexual beast!
It's OK to feel good now, but if you wish
your relationship would develop further,
maybe it's better to haste up now.
Hmm... Even if you say so...
Excuse me, you worked hard.
Sakurai-kun.
Ah? Saku, aren't you off today?
Uzaki said she'd eat at home
after part-time work,
but recently it's getting dark early,
so I think it's better to pick her up.
That's what I was talking about...
Huh?
We... Well, I will go change clothes.
Oh. Itsuhito, will you come along?
Ah, sorry. I have something important to do.
I see.
By the way, Ami-san, what's the matter? You've
been staring at the ceiling since I entered.
Sorry, Sakurai-kun,
I'd better stay this way today.
I'm ashamed to face you.
Ha?
Seems I accidentally lit the fire.
How will it turn out then...?
Oh, I feel refreshed,
though at the cost of Asai-san's dignity.
Sakaki-kun, I hate you!
Yes, I know.
Hmm? Uzaki, you're quite quiet today.
Hmm. That's not true.
Well, I'm considering
what I will cook tonight.
My hands are itching!
Okay!
(Breadcrumbs)
Next is breadcrumbs...
Sakurai-kun,
(Breadcrumbs)
the portion doesn't have to be that accurate...
Ah, how irritating!
A roughly right amount should do it!
But, this is my first time
making fried food like croquettes.
If something goes wrong...
Hmm... but if you measure the amount every time,
it will soon start to be annoying.
Then, what should I do...
Well...
Let's just learn how to measure it
with our eyes.
Measure with eyes?
Is it okay? For a beginner,
that's a quite high-level...
It's not that high-level actually...
It's just about using your eyes
to remember the correct amount.
This is the 10g of salt Sakurai-kun
you just weighed. Can you remember the amount?
Probably.
Try to give me an equal amount of salt.
Yes.
OK.
Is it OK?
Of course. It doesn't have to be
the exactly same amount.
Sakurai-kun, he's really taking it seriously.
Well, that's how he is.
I think it's better to let him be "yours"
as soon as possible.
- Ah!
- Hana?
Eh? Ah, nothing. No, no problem.
Umm?
Phew. Let me have a break.
Thank you.
Because Senpai is a concentrated one,
he may continue to come to our place
until he masters it. Is that OK? Mom.
It's fine by me.
I'm also glad he is willing to
help make some dishes for us.
As long as you consent, it's good.
Well, but there're other reasons
for Senpai to come here.
Ah!?
Mom, what do you think of Senpai?
Eh!?
It's coming? Finally? That topic?
It's not coming.
Why?
Well... Somehow, recently...
people around me... say Senpai is very popular...
Eh?
So, I was hoping
you could give me some advice...
Oh?  That means...
Ah... I'll go feed them.
Meow.
Hana?
I'm telling you this
since I reckon you don't know.
Saku is quite popular among his peers.
No, no, no. Absolutely impossible!
But... maybe...
(This is Uzaki's imagination)
Here.
Sakurai-kun.
Are you all right?
Though it's the seminar drinking party,
you were still a bit unrestrained.
Sakurai-kun, you're so gentle.
Of course, because we're classmates.
Classmates?
Ah?
Get a hold of yourself...
Eh?
I like you, Sakurai-kun.
- Me too!
- Me too!  - Me too!
Sakurai-kun!
Sakurai!
Huh?
No, no, no! Only I would like him!
I wonder what Hana was going to ask...
This odd feeling...
Excuse me...
Ah! Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you...
No, it's me overreacting... What's wrong?
I've made raw balls of croquettes.
Then, the next step,
coating them with breadcrumbs.
Ah, yes.
I startled her...
I should have called her from the kitchen.
But what should I call her?
Aunt? Uzaki's mom? Uzaki-san?
Oh. Excuse me...
Eh? What's wrong?
Could you please tell me your first name?
Eh...
Ah!
Why? Why? Why did he suddenly pose
such a cottoning question?
Could it be that he...
I have a favor to ask...
Could I call you by your first name?
Ah... that's...
No, I can't tell him my first name...
I have a husband and a child,
I can't fall for such a young boy.
Great.
Eh?
If you don't let me call your name,
it means you care about me.
Eh...
Is that so?
Tsuki. My name is Tsuki Uzaki.
It's not a big deal yet...
Just telling him my first name... It's not a big deal...
A strange chicken game abruptly started.
Then, can I call you Tsuki-san?
Eh... Please... Just call me...
the way... you like...
This is some kind of soap drama?
When the surface is fried to
a delicious brown color, it's done.
Oh, I see.
Oh! Senpai, it will soon be done?
Not yet, Uzaki.
I mustn't let up until the final moment.
Maybe it would explode
and blow up the house.
It wouldn't!
Might be because you're a beginner at cooking.
You're worrying too much when making fried food.
Geez...
I don't know
what Hana and Sakurai-kun are thinking about...
But... As a mother, as an adult,
what I should say is...
Hana, come here.
Just now, you asked me
"what do you think of Sakurai-kun?"...
That's because you're not sure about
something concerning Sakurai-kun.
Eh...
I won't ask you that question now...
But anyway I want to tell you one thing...
I think a boy should be honest
before everything.
Honest...
It's done!
Wow, they're perfectly fried.
Really?
Want to try them?
The croquettes I made for the first time.
Eh?
Alright, then. I will be your lab rat.
How does it taste? Uzaki.
As my mom taught you,
it's very delicious.
Great!
Being honest, huh...
Regardless of how Senpai perceives them,
those "beasts" are actually more alarming.
(Sexual beast)
He, he, he...
Maybe it's better to haste up now, Uzaki.
Hmm... The girls around me
are all noteworthy...
All thanks to Tsuki-san.
Eh!?
Now I've learned how to make another dish.
Thank you very much.
No, no. It's because
you're a fast learner, Sakurai-kun.
A good student.
You're flattering me... Please teach me
another dish next time, Tsuki-san.
The girls around me...
The girls around me...?
(Next time, Episode 5
Uzaki Family Wants to Get Together!)